The BaoBaoPizza Ordering System is designed to streamline the ordering process for customers of BaoBaoPizza, a renowned pizza place known for its delicious and diverse pizza offerings. The program allows customers to place orders for their favourite pizzas. The system includes features such as processing payments and point reward system to earn points and more. Let's talk about the point reward system. As users use our program to purchase our products, they will earn 1 point per RM10 spent. As an example, when a customer spends RM20, 2 points will be stored into his/her account. Customers will get a x1.5 bonus after 1000 points collected; x1.8 bonus after 2000 points collected and x2 bonus after 3000 points collected. After purchasing RM200 worth of products in a single purchase, the user is eligible to participate in the lucky draw activity where they can win prizes like bonus points or exclusive products. Staff can use their staff accounts to search and check the purchase history of customers, which includes the transaction date, amount, points earned and purchased content. We use 2 text files to store different information， one of the text files includes customer details (register details, number of points and voucher), and the other includes customer order. With its intuitive interface and efficient functionality, the BaoBaoPizza Ordering System ensures a seamless and enjoyable ordering experience for customers while enhancing operational efficiency for the pizza place.

i) Contact Management Module
- Customer
This module will start when the program’s user chooses to register or login when they are in the Main Menu. If the user chooses to register, he/she will be asked to enter his/her name, contact number, origin country and birthday date. These details will be recorded into a text file, including their membership card number that is auto generated by the system. After registering, users will be able to login to their accounts by selecting “Customer Login” in the main menu and entering their membership card number. There is a “Staff Login” option that allows staffs to login into their account

- Staff
This module allows staff to view all of the customer information, including customer’s membership card number, name, contact number, birthday date, country, membership points and available voucher.

ii) Points Earning Module
This module allows customers to make payment for the products they ordered. They can choose to apply a voucher code in this module to include discounts. Customers can choose to pay via Touch N Go or Online Banking. After payment, the amount paid will be converted to points (RM10 = 1 point). These points can be used to buy merchandise and discount vouchers (10% & 20% discount) that can deduct the amount to pay in the  next purchase.

iii) Points Redemption Module
This module allows customers to spend the points they have collected from previous purchase(s). Customers can choose to redeem merchandise or vouchers in this module. Points will be deducted from their accounts after redemption. Vouchers redeemed can be used in the payment module to deduct the total amount that customers need to pay.

iv) Policy Module
Customers will earn 1 point for every RM10 spent. Customers will get a x1.5 bonus after 1000 points collected; x1.8 bonus after 2000 points collected and x2 bonus after 3000 points collected. After purchasing RM200 worth of products in a single purchase, the user is eligible to participate in the lucky draw activity where they can win bonus points. Customers can get 5 points for every purchase made on their birthday date too.

v) Reporting Module
For staff, they will be able to perform 8 functions after login that include view customer information, view customer orders, search records, sort records according to the customer’s name and edit customer information. There are functions like staff can also calculate customer statistics which allows them to access information like which food is ordered the most and calculate which customer has the most membership points. There are also functions like staff can calculate the percentage of where their customers are mostly located worldwide. 


vi) Food Module
This module enables customers to purchase our products through this program. Users can choose between various products including pizzas, beverages and sides. After selecting the desired product to order, different additions can be included. For pizzas, users can choose if they want to add toppings. If yes, they can choose to add pineapples, mushrooms, green peppers or tuna. For beverages, users can choose what flavours they want, the choices are orange, lemon, strawberry or apple. For sides, they can choose if they want a type of sauce with the sides ordered. If yes, they can choose to add cheese sauce, thousand island sauce, BBQ sauce or chilli sauce. The additions will be recorded and shown in the payment page.
